About this course
The Lifeguard Instructor Trainer Certification Course
In order for a Lifeguard Instructor to receive their certification, they must attend the Instructor-Led training by someone with a higher level of training than themselves. The aquatics professional who is qualified to certify either an individual, or a group of Lifeguard Instructors is none other than the Lifeguard Instructor Trainer. This means the prerequisite to become a Lifeguard Instructor Trainer is of course the Lifeguard Instructor course. For more information on this prerequisite course, please read the Lifeguard Instructor course information page. 

Oftentimes businesses with multiple locations in different counties, states, and even different countries benefit greatly from a financial and a control standpoint by having one Instructor Trainer to manage all the training and compliance for their network of Lifeguard Instructors. This certification is best for businesses with a few aquatic facilities and two or more Lifeguard Instructors working for them, or for businesses with one facility that has many Lifeguard Instructors who certify a large volume of Lifeguards.

Click here for the full course description
Course Includes: This certification course includes

Lifeguard Instructor training;
CPR Instructor training;
Basic First Aid Instructor training;
Blood Bourne Pathogens Instructor training;
Swim Coach Safety Training Instructor training; and,
Workplace Safety Training Instructor training.
Course Prerequisites: Prior to enrolling in this course, the certification candidate must be able to satisfy the following requirements

18 Years of age or older
Ability to swim 500 meters (550 yards) without stopping (there is no time limit)
Ability to tread water for five minutes
Ability to dive to a depth of six meters (20 feet)
In addition, to enroll in this certification course, you must already possess a valid Lifeguard certification (with CPR & First Aid) from Lifeguard-Pro or any other nationally recognized certification agency.

Course Objectives:  At the end of this course, the certification candidate should be able to

Safely and effectively conduct certification training courses;
Correctly demonstrate all course skills for students;
Effectively communicate all required course knowledge to students;
Teach students all course required knowledge and skills in a time efficient manner; and,
Correctly and expeditiously process all student certifications.
Certification Requirements: The certification candidate must

Buy this home-study course from Lifeguard-Pro;
Successfully complete and submit this home-study course to Lifeguard-Pro; and,
Attend and successfully complete instructor-led training with a Lifeguard-Pro Instructor.*
Your Purchase Includes: All of the required home-study materials for the following courses

Lifeguard Instructor Course;
CPR/AED Instructor Course;
First Aid Basics Instructor Course; and,
Blood Bourne Pathogens Instructor Course.