YOU REQUEST OUR 'INFLATION BUSTER' DISCOUNT PRICING
(Pay 90% of What You Paid Last Year)
When You Request Our 'Inflation Buster' Discount Pricing
Our ‘Inflation Buster’ discount pricing option guarantees that your safety training cost no more than 90% of what you paid our competitor last year!

To qualify for this outstanding option all you must do is simply provide us with the verifiable invoice for your training last year. Lifeguard-Pro guarantees you a lower price!*

Dedication to Quality.  To qualify for this discount, your training last year must have been conducted by a nationally recognized certification organization (i.e., American Red Cross, etc.) in compliance with their published training rules. 

Sometimes to reduce training costs, businesses hire safety training instructors who violate the published training rules by:

Shortening the duration of the required safety training to such a short length that it violates the certifying company’s legal training requirements; and/or,
Inflating student-to-instructor ratios to a ratio that exceeds the certifying company’s legal training requirements.
For example, if you are using our competitor’s Lifeguard-Waterfront certification course, your instructor must spend a minimum of approximately 32 hours in-person with your candidates, and limit class size to 10 candidates to 1 instructor.

If you violate these published certification requirements during your staff training, you could possibly be held negligent and in violation of national youth camp standards, state law, state regulations, U.S. Department of Labor regulations, and/or your insurance policy. In the event of a Wrongful Death or Personal Injury lawsuit, the court could possibly hold you negligent, and your insurance company could possibly deny your insurance claim, which all too often is the end of your business. Most employers don’t understand the dire consequences of violating safety certification training requirements, until it is too late. Don’t skimp or cheat on your safety certification training!

Consequently, Lifeguard-Pro will only price-match safety training that is conducted responsibly. We will not discount prices to a level that wins your account, but puts the survival of your entire business in jeopardy. Lifeguard-Pro protects your business!

Note our industry-leading, comprehensive, online Home-Study Course enables us to LEGALLY shorten the required Instructor-Led Training Class time for Lifeguard and Water Safety Swim Instructor courses. That saves you time and money, enhances the quality of your training, and fully complies with standard industry operating requirements. Isn’t it time you joined your peers and upgraded to Lifeguard-Pro?

*Lifeguard-Pro will only price-match training that complies with national industry standards.