CPR & First Aid Certification Course
This is a CPR and First Aid certification course. You can purchase a standalone CPR course, or a standalone First Aid course, or you can purchase this course which combines both the CPR and First Aid courses together.

The information contained in this course is in full compliance with the American Heart Association 2020 ECC Guidelines for BLS CPR for the Healthcare Provider & First Aid. As a professional rescuer, your mastery of the information in this manual can make the difference between life and death for the victims you treat.

The CPR Component delivers the CPR – BLS (Basic Life Support) for the Healthcare Provider course, which teaches you how to perform CPR on adults, children and infants while serving as a professional rescuer. The CPR component of this course presents the basic lifesaving and CPR knowledge and skills to help increase the survival rate of victim’s suffering cardiac arrest outside of a hospital setting.

The First Aid component teaches individuals how to respond and care for common injuries. This certification satisfies the First Aid requirement for most professions including, but not limited to, lifeguards, emergency medical technicians, boat captains, dive masters, personal trainers, physical therapists, sports coaches, camp counselors, school teachers, home healthcare aides, and dental hygienists.

Lifeguard-Pro requires all CPR & First Aid certifications to be renewed annually. Only by annual recertification training can Lifeguard-Pro ensure that every CPR & First Aid provider keeps their safety knowledge fresh and their lifesaving skills sharp. Be better prepared. Be better trained.

Save a life.

Click here for the full course description
Course Includes: This course is a full certification course, which includes:

CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider training–6.0 hrs.
First Aid training–4.0 hrs.
Course Prerequisites: Prior to enrolling in this course, the certification candidate must be able to satisfy the following requirements:

Course Objectives: At the end of this course, the certification candidate should be able to:

Individually provide lifesaving CPR to a victim;
Effectively utilize an AED, pocket breathing mask, other breathing barriers, safety gloves, and more;
Perform other lifesaving CPR related skills;
Individually provide vital First Aid care to a victim;
Effectively utilize an Bandages, Slings, Safety Gloves, and More; and,
Perform other vital First Aid Basics related skills.
Certification Requirements:

The certification candidate must:

Buy this Home-Study Course from Lifeguard-Pro;
Successfully complete this Home-Study Course; and,
Attend and successfully complete Instructor-led training with a Lifeguard-Pro Instructor.