About this course
CPR & First Aid Instructor Recertification Course
This certification will renew your CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider Instructor and First Aid Instructor certifications, which authorizes you to teach and certify students in all of the following courses:

CPR – BLS for The Healthcare Provider;
CPR for Adult, Child & Infant;
CPR for Adult & Child;
CPR for Adult;
CPR for Child;
CPR for Infant;
Community CPR / Friends & Family;
First Aid; and,
Bloodborne Pathogens.
Renewal of Certifications from Other Agencies: Lifeguard-Pro will renew your CPR and First Aid Instructor certification from any other nationally recognized certification agency, and issue you a new CPR/AED & First AId Instructor certification (provided you satisfy all CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider & First Aid certification requirements).

Click here for the full course description
Course Includes. This certification course includes:

CPR – BLS for Healthcare Providers Instructor recertification training;
First Aid Instructor recertification training; and,
Bloodborne Pathogens Instructor recertification training.

Course Prerequisites. Prior to enrolling in this course, the certification candidate must be able to satisfy the following requirements:

18 Years of age or older.
In addition, to enroll in this certification course, the certification candidate must already possess a valid CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider Instructor & First Aid Instructor certification from Lifeguard-Pro or any other nationally recognized certification agency.

Course Objectives: At the end of this course, the certification candidate should be able to:

Safely and effectively conduct CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider, First Aid, and Bloodborne Pathogens certification training courses;
Correctly demonstrate all course skills for students;
Effectively communicate all required course knowledge to students;
Teach students all course required knowledge and skills in a time efficient manner; and,
Correctly and expeditiously process all student certifications.
Certification Requirements. The certification candidate must:

Buy this Home-Study Course from Lifeguard-Pro; and,
Successfully complete this Home-Study Course.
Teach at least one full CPR & First Aid certification course for a minimum of one student during the current 12-month period for which their current CPR & First Aid certification is valid.