Step 1: Register  by submitting the form on our registration page. 

Step 2: Purchase our home-study course. 
After registering for your course online or over the phone, you will automatically receive payment instructions at your registered email address (check both your inbox and spam folder). Simply follow the payment instructions in that email to purchase your online Home-Study Course.

Step 3: Login & begin your course.
Upon receipt of your online Home-Study course payment, we will promptly email to you an authorized username and password in an email entitled ‘Start Your Course’.

Step 4: Complete the home-study course. 
You may work in the comfort and convenience of your own home, and progress at your own pace. You may stop and start the Home-Study Course as often as you like (except while you are taking a timed exam).

Step 5: Schedule your instructor-led training class. 
You must complete all online Home-Study course requirements before requesting an Instructor-Led Training Class.

Once you have successfully completed all your online Home-Study Course requirements,  you should contact your Instructor or Lifeguard-Pro.org.

Step 6: Pay for your instructor-led training class. 
Pay your local instructor directly for your Instructor-Led Training Class. Acceptable payment methods often include:

Cash
Personal, Certified or business check
Money order
Bank wire transfer,
Electronic payment methods (Zelle, Venmo, Remitly, Revolut, Wise, Western Union, Apple Pay, and Google Wallet).
Ask your Instructor or Lifeguard-Pro for detailed payment instructions.

Step 7: Attend instructor-les training class. 
At Instructor-Led Training Class, you must successfully complete:

(1) All course required physical skills no less than 3 times under the direct supervision of your Instructor; and,

(2) Lifeguard, CPR and First Aid closed-book, instructor proctored, written Final Exam with a correct score of 90% or higher.

Step 8: Complete instructor-led training class. 
At the conclusion of your Instructor-Led Training Class, you and your Instructor will fill-out and sign your Certification Request Form (CRF). If you are under the age of 18, your parent or legal guardian must sign the form for you. This form verifies that you successfully completed all course requirements for certification.

Step 9: Request your certification card. 
Upload your completed and signed CRF to your Lifeguard-Pro.org Profile in the section titled ‘Upload Certification Forms’. 

Lastly, from within your Profile, check the box titled ‘Issue my certification’ or notify your Instructor that you have completed all course requirements. 

Step 10: Receive your certification card. 
Upon satisfying all the course requirements detailed in the steps above, we will promptly email to you a hi-resolution digital image of your certification card – usually within 3 days. However, if you are in a hurry, just give us a call and we’ll try to expedite the process for you.