Course Description. This certification course will train you to supervise a swimming pool of 20-feet depth or less. Note, nearly all swimming pools are 20-feet depth or less.

Course Includes. This course is a full Lifeguard certification course (estimated 24.0 hours), which includes all the following courses:

Lifeguard-Shallow Pool (max depth 5 ft.)
Lifeguard-Swimming Pool (max depth 12 ft.)
Lifeguard-Deep Pool (max depth 20 ft.)
CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider
First Aid
Course Prerequisites. Prior to enrolling in this course, the certification candidate must be able to satisfy the following requirements:

15 Years of age or older (with minors consent form for those under 18);
Ability to swim 500 meters (550 yards) without stopping (there is no time limit);
Ability to tread water for five minutes; and,
Ability to dive to a depth of six meters (20-feet).
If you cannot satisfy the above swimming requirements, consider enrolling in the Lifeguard Swimming Pool  (max 12’ depth) or Lifeguard Shallow Pool (max 5’ depth) certification course which have easier to satisfy swimming requirements, and provide you with nearly as many job opportunities.

Course Objectives.  At the end of this course, the certification candidate should be able to:

Safely supervise a swimming pool (max 20’ depth);
Identify and appropriately respond to a victim in distress in and around the water;
Recognize and appropriately respond to hazards in and around the water, and take the appropriate action to safeguard patrons, while taking into account the Lifeguard’s personal ability, environmental factors, and all prevailing safety procedures; and,
Effectively perform all the basic water assist and rescues for a swimming pool with a maximum depth of 20-feet.
Certification Requirements. The certification candidate must:

Buy this Home-Study Course from Lifeguard-Pro;
Successfully complete this Home-Study Course; and,
Attend and successfully complete instructor-led training with a Lifeguard-Pro certified Instructor.
Your Purchase Includes. All the required Home-Study Course materials for the following courses:

Lifeguard-Shallow Pool (max depth 5 ft.)
Lifeguard-Swimming Pool (max depth 12 ft.)
Lifeguard-Deep Pool (max depth 20 ft.)
CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider
First Aid