The purpose of the Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor course is to encourage better public safety in and around aquatic environments; and to create competent Swim Instructors to teach the public how to swim well enough to ensure their own safety in the water.

The Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor course is offered in all 50 states in the United States, and over 30 countries around the world. It meaningfully helps reduce the number of deaths by drowning worldwide.

The specific purpose of the Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor course is two-fold:

To train and certify candidates in Basic Water Safety to competently promote, practice, and enforce safe behavior in and around aquatic environments; and,
When necessary, safely respond to aquatic emergencies; and,
To train and certify candidates to be Swim Instructors who can safely and competently teach six incrementally progressive stages of basic learn-to-swim lessons.
Join us in our mission of saving lives!

Click here for the full course description
Become a Lifeguard-Pro certified Water Safety Swim Instructor. 

Prerequisites
To enroll in the Water Safety Swim Instructor course, the candidate must be at least 16 years of age before completion of the certification course.

Learning Objectives

Learn to competently promote, practice, and enforce safe behavior in and around aquatic environments.
Learn to safely and competently teach six incrementally progressive stages of basic learn-to-swim lessons.
Learn the mechanics of each of the major swim strokes, aquatic survival skills, and associated practice drills.
Learn the basics of functioning as a safe, responsible, and accountable Instructor.
Master the basics of organizing and conducting swim lessons, with attention to safety, effectiveness, and time-management.
Familiarize yourself with the managerial challenges of conducting progressive swim lessons.
Practice positive feedback to encourage students to continue learning swimming.
Reliably document students’ swimming ability progress.
Effectively communicate students’ swimming ability progress to the students, parents, and management.
Understand the extreme importance of guarding the safety of swim students in your care, before, during, and after swim lessons.
Duration
Approximately 24.0 hours

Instructor
Authorized Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer, or Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer Director.

Certification Requirements
To earn a Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor certification, the candidate must successfully complete:

The Lifeguard-Pro Home-Study Course (textbooks, videos, lesson plans, exams, and forms);
An In-Person Training Session conducted by an authorized Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer;
The Lifeguard-Pro Certification Request Form, which must be signed by the candidate and authorized Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer to verify the successful completion of the course.
Certificate Issued
Teaching swim lessons to non-swimmers poses a great danger to non-swimmers. Therefore, Lifeguard-Pro raises the industry safety standard. Lifeguard-Pro requires all certified Water Safety Swim Instructors to refresh and renew their safety certification every year – making the public safer!

Upon successful completion of the course, the candidate will be issued a Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor certification, which is valid for 1-year from the date of issuance.

Participant Materials

Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Manual
Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Exam
Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Manual
Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Lesson Plans
Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Exam
Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Certification Request Form with Skills Verification Checklist