About This Course
Basic Water Safety Course Certification
The general purpose of the Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety course is to improve public aquatic safety training to reduce the number of deaths by drowning worldwide.

The Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety course is offered in all 50 states in the United States, and over 30 countries around the world. Indisputably, basic water safety training reduces the number of deaths by drowning worldwide. Get Basic Water Safety certified today!

The specific purpose of the Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety course is to train and certify candidates in Basic Water Safety to competently promote, practice, and enforce safe behavior in and around aquatic environments; and, when necessary, safely respond to aquatic emergencies.

Learn basic water safety – a life may depend on it!

Click here for the full course description
Prerequisites
The candidate must be at least 15 years of age before completion of the certification course.

Learning Objectives

Learn to competently promote, practice, and enforce safe behavior in and around aquatic environments.
Learn how to safely respond to aquatic emergencies.
Understand the extreme importance of guarding the safety of non-swimmers, weak swimmers, children, and at-risk individuals who are in and around aquatic environments.
Duration
8.0 hours

Instructor Required
The only individuals authorized to certify candidates for this course are Lifeguard-Pro Authorized:

Water Safety Swim Instructor,
Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer, or a
Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer Director
Certification Requirements
To earn a Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety certification, the candidate must successfully complete:

The Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Home-Study Course (textbooks, videos, exams, and forms);
A Basic Water Safety course In-Person Training Session conducted by an authorized Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer;
and,
The Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Certification Request Form signed by the candidate and authorized Lifeguard-Pro Water Safety Swim Instructor Trainer to verify the successful completion of the course.
Certificate Issued
Each candidate that successfully completes this Basic Water Safety course will be issued a Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety certification, which is valid for 1-year from the date of issuance. Renewing your Basic Water Safety certification each year undoubtedly increases your water safety awareness and makes the public safer.

Participant Materials
Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Manual
Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Exam
Lifeguard-Pro Basic Water Safety Certification Request Form with Skills Verification Checklist