Oxygen Administrator Certification Course
This Oxygen (O2) Administrator course is designed to provide the candidate with the competency required to administer oxygen correctly and safely. When Oxygen is administered promptly by trained rescuers in an emergency situation, it can be the difference between life and death for that person in need. This program covers equipment and procedures for administering oxygen as an emergency procedure.

Equipment selection and use for various emergency scenarios are detailed, along with the practical components to train a well rounded rescuer. By completing this course, each candidate will gain the knowledge and confidence to properly handle, store and administer Oxygen. Although administering Oxygen is a straightforward skill, there are serious safety risks both to the rescuer and the victim. It is crucial that the proper procedures and precautions are exercised during each step in the process as outlined and taught in this course.

Who this course is for:

Boat Captains
Scuba Diving
Professionals
High altitude athletes and athletic event organizers
Gym owners/managers
All those who wish to provide this life saving service should the need ever arise
Click here for the full course description
Course prerequisites:

Minimum age 18
Minors aged 10 and above must have written parental/guardian consent
Upon completing the course, you’ll be able to:

Identify a person suffering from lack of Oxygen
Promptly and properly activate EMS
Properly administer Oxygen to both a breathing and a non-breathing person
Obtain an OSHA and ILCOR compliant certification
How the course works:
There are two parts to your course. Part 1 is the online Home-Study Course (HSC), and Part 2 is the Instructor-Led Training (ILT).

The HSC is where you complete all academic work online, and the ILT is where you practice the physical skills involved in rescues requiring Oxygen Administration to a victim/person in need.

The HSC is completed by yourself at your own pace, and the ILT is a half-day training with your local Instructor in a classroom setting. Once you’ve completed both Part 1 and Part 2 of your course, you’ll be issued your certification card.