 This course is a full Lifeguard certification course (estimated 27.0 hours), which includes all the following courses:

Lifeguard-Shallow Pool (max depth 5 ft.)
Lifeguard-Swimming Pool (max depth 12 ft.)
Lifeguard-Swimming Pool (max depth 20 ft.)
Lifeguard-Youth Camp
CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider
First Aid
Upon your request, you can combine the Lifeguard Youth Camp with the Lifeguard Waterfront Certification Courses to ensure you can adequately supervise a youth camp facility with a Waterfront (non-surf) environment where you cannot see clearly to the bottom of the aquatic environment.

Course Prerequisites. Prior to enrolling in this course, the certification candidate must be able to satisfy the following requirements:

15 Years of age or older (with minors consent form for those under 18);
Ability to swim 500 meters (555 yards) without stopping (there is no time limit);
Ability to tread water for five minutes; and,
Ability to dive to a depth of six meters (20-feet).
If you cannot satisfy the above swimming requirements, consider enrolling in the LIFEGUARD SWIMMING POOL (max 12’ depth) or LIFEGUARD SHALLOW POOL (max 5’ depth). These two courses have an easier to satisfy swimming requirement, and provide you with nearly as many job opportunities.

Course Objectives.  At the end of this course, the certification candidate should be able to:

Safely supervise a youth camp swimming environment (pool and waterfront) with a maximum depth of 20-feet;
Identify and appropriately respond to a victim in distress in and around the water;
Recognize and appropriately respond to hazards in and around the water, and take the appropriate action to safeguard patrons, while taking into account the Lifeguard’s personal ability, environmental factors, and all prevailing safety procedures; and,
Effectively perform all the basic water assists and rescues for a youth camp swimming environment (pool and waterfront) with a maximum depth of 20-feet.
Certification Requirements. The certification candidate must:

Buy this Home-Study Course from Lifeguard-Pro;
Successfully complete this Home-Study Course; and,
Attend and successfully complete instructor-led training with a Lifeguard-Pro certified Instructor.
Your Purchase Includes. All the required Home-Study Course materials for the following courses:

Lifeguard-Shallow Pool (max depth 5 ft.)
Lifeguard-Swimming Pool (max depth 12 ft.)
Lifeguard-Youth Camp
CPR – BLS for Healthcare Provider
First Aid